Update url patterns - accept only exact patterns (#7117)
mirumee/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix dataloader for fetching checkout info - #7084 by @IKarbowiak
- Update also draft order line total price after getting the unit price from plugin - #7080 by @IKarbowiak
- Fix failing product tasks when instances are removed - #7092 by @IKarbowiak

> - Update url patterns - accept only exact patterns - #7117 by @IKarbowiak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update GraphQL endpoint to only match exactly `/graphql/` without trailing characters - #7117 by @IKarbowiak
```
